congratulations it looks like you're
gonna have a baby
yes yeah good for you is this your first
baby this is my first whoa hang on none
of my business how far along in the
project are we I mean my I'm I'm in my
second trimester second trimester so six
months plus a little did you go through
the dreaded morning sickness you know I
didn't have it as bad as I've heard
others have had it so it can be
debilitating I personally have not had
it yeah and they make it seem like Oh
it'll be okay because it's just it'll be
over by 9:00 a.m. but that's not the way
it works if you have the morning
sickness you have a pretty much all damn
day exactly now I had exhaustion
exhaustion so it's just yeah and do you
know the sex of the child I don't yet
yeah and do you have a preference oh you
don't care do you care no I don't I
don't care that thing just so long as
it's healthy right yeah there are there
are many cliches that there in fact are
true and prevalent too that are
associated with pregnancy and yeah what
if you like what are the others oh
that's right did you have any of those
um I I you know what I had more
aversions than been cravings so I am but
I couldn't tell like I don't know what
is going to be the aversion until it's
in front of me so my fiancee will make
me food and put it in front of me and
I'll be like oh no right so it's it's
pretty frustrating for him but he's he's
being yeah my wife when she was pregnant
had the the aversions and it was get
away from me but we work that up but
it's it's not it's not hard to kind of
think that there's something quite
important about being pregnant yes there
is
but in in truth there's 8 billion people
on the planet I know but when you're
pregnant you really do think that it's
the first time it's ever happened to
anybody